" Anions are designated by their elemental name being altered to end in “ -ide ” : the anion of chlorine is called chloride , and the anion of sulfur is called sulfide , for example ."	"0"
" 89 . Water ’s high heat capacity is a property caused by hydrogen bonding among water molecules ."	"0"
" 92 . Eventually , as water reaches its boiling point of 100 ° Celsius ( 212 ° Fahrenheit ) , the heat is able to break the hydrogen bonds between the water molecules , and the kinetic energy ( motion ) between the water molecules allows them to escape from the liquid as a gas ."	"0"
" In the simple molecule butene ( C4H8 ) , the two methyl groups ( CH3 ) can be on either side of the double covalent bond central to the molecule , as illustrated in [ link ] b ."	"0"
" 122 . Disaccharides ( di- = “ two ” ) form when two monosaccharides undergo a dehydration reaction ( also known as a condensation reaction or dehydration synthesis ) ."	"1"
" The nucleus ( plural = nuclei ) houses the cell ’s DNA and directs the synthesis of ribosomes and proteins ."	"1"
" 185 . If you look at [ link ] b , you will see that plant cells each have a large central vacuole that occupies most of the area of the cell ."	"0"
" Science ( from the Latin scientia , meaning “ knowledge ” ) can be defined as knowledge that covers general truths or the operation of general laws , especially when acquired and tested by the scientific method ."	"1"
" A considerable amount of heat energy ( 586 cal ) is required to accomplish this change in water ."	"0"
" Structural isomers ( like butane and isobutene shown in [ link ] a ) differ in the placement of their covalent bonds : both molecules have four carbons and ten hydrogens ( C4H10 ) , but the different arrangement of the atoms within the molecules leads to differences in their chemical properties ."	"1"
" 121 . Monosaccharides ( mono- = “ one ” ; sacchar- = “ sweet ” ) are simple sugars , the most common of which is glucose ."	"1"
" Omega-3 fatty acids ( like that shown in [ link ] ) fall into this category and are one of only two known for humans ( the other being omega-6 fatty acid ) ."	"0"
" 110 . Structural isomers ( like butane and isobutene shown in [ link ] a ) differ in the placement of their covalent bonds : both molecules have four carbons and ten hydrogens ( C4H10 ) , but the different arrangement of the atoms within the molecules leads to differences in their chemical properties ."	"0"
" The colony was small , consisting of only 117 people , who suffered a poor relationship with the local Indians , the Croatans , and struggled to survive in their new land ( [ link ] ) ."	"1"
" That energy is relayed to the PSI reaction center ( called P700 ) ."	"1"
" 359 . Matched pairs of chromosomes in a diploid organism are called homologous ( “ same knowledge ” ) chromosomes . Homologous chromosomes are the same length and have specific nucleotide segments called genes in exactly the same location , or locus ."	"1"
" 392 . The best understood negative regulatory molecules are retinoblastoma protein ( Rb ) , p53 , and p21 ."	"0"
" The eIF-2 protein bound to GTP binds to the small 40S ribosomal subunit ."	"0"
" RFLPs ( sometimes pronounced “ rif - lips ” ) are detected when the DNA of an individual is cut with a restriction endonuclease that recognizes specific sequences in the DNA to generate a series of DNA fragments , which are then analyzed by gel electrophoresis ."	"1"
" size 12 { "" 180 "" / "" 100 "" = 9 / 5 "" . """	"0"
" { }"	"0"
" } { } The Kelvin scale is the temperature scale that is commonly used in science ."	"0"
